this town-hall discussed the issues
affecting our community LGBTQ and
straight girls that make pride about
them I'm so excited to be here I had
some apple slices backstage and they are
hitting me like cocaine y'all know I'm
not a lesbian but all the ingredients
are there so let's say you're on the
campaign trail and my faith he teaches
me that marriage is between one man and
one woman what is your response well I'm
gonna assume it's a guy who said that
and I'm gonna say then just marry one
woman sir tell me your bus stop cuz I
want to know where you get off
[Applause]
if someone doesn't want to serve gay
people at their small business I bet
that's not the only thing that's small
and when people say gay and trans people
shouldn't be included in Civil Rights
Act protections well I wish their
parents had used protection I was raised
by a dad who was it was real simple
basic issue
I remember getting out of a car when I
was trying to be dropped off at the
local City Hall to get a job to be the
only white employee in the east side of
town Minh the neighborhood in the
projects as a as a lifeguard and as I
got out there were two guys in the
corner and Rodney square they call it
which is the sort of corporate capital
of the world it's where the Chancery
Court and all that is and these two guys
well-dressed this is back in 1960
probably 1963 I'm glad you asked that
question and let me answer by telling
you a false memory
[Music]
26 and I was in downtown Dover with my
father and we see two men kiss one
another as I was open the door and I
seen them know what I mean by
well-dressed right walked off to the
DuPont building one walked up we used to
be called a Hercules corporation and I
looked at my dad and he just looked at
me sit as simple honey they love each
other it's just basically there's
nothing complicated about that's how I
was raised for real say what the huh he
said baby they were born this way how do
you respond to those who say you're not
gay in the right way you know I've heard
that but there's no wrong way to be gay
unless you're Ellen this week during the
game they showed a shot of George and me
laughing together and so people were
upset they thought why is a gay
Hollywood liberal sitting next to a
conservative Republican president didn't
even notice I'm holding the brand new
iPhone 11 I'm friends with George Bush
in fact I'm friends with a lot of people
who don't share the same beliefs that I
have we're all different and I think
that we've forgotten that that's okay
that we're all different just because I
don't agree with someone on everything
doesn't mean that I'm not going to be
friends with them when I say be kind to
one another I don't mean only the people
that think the same way that you do I
mean be kind to everyone then
[Applause]